Know Your Company Clone

This multi-tenant app is my attempt to replicate, on a very basic level, the functionality of the Know Your Company system (knowyourcompany.com). I have only focussed on the backend and completely ignored the front-end and UI for now. That being said, my Rails app does generate a very very basic front-end (forms for adding users, adding and answering questions, simple text-based emails etc with no styles whatsoever).

This is what the app does, so far:

1. Allows an admin user (presumably someone at Know Your Company) to create company records and add company owners
2. Allows admin user to create questions to ask employees. Questions are divided into two types:
   a. Serious (For example: Was there ever a time when you felt your feedback wasn't being acted on?)
   b. Fun (For example: What's something awesome that read this week?)
   c. There's also a third implicit question type - per KnowYourCompany's model, every week they ask employees to write-up what they're currently working on. 
3. Allows company owners to log in and add employee accounts
4. When either owners or employees are added, they receive an email with their login details.
5. In the UserService class, I have a few methods to facilitate the weekly email system as described in link 2 below and correspond with the three outcomes specified at knowyourcompany.com. For example, every Friday all employees should get an email asking them to do a write-up on what they've been working on. The next Monday, the same employees should get an email with everyone's answers (something like shown on link 2 and link 4 below)


The following links helped me come up with the architecture for the app:

1. https://knowyourcompany.com
2. https://www.linkedin.com/today/post/article/20130904121739-7374576-a-simple-tool-to-understand-your-company-better
3. http://signalvnoise.com/posts/3540-building-know-your-company
4. http://signalvnoise.com/posts/3764-our-favorite-recent-reads-on-the-web

The app also lives at: http://knowyourcompany-clone.herokuapp.com

Contact me if you want to try it out. Feel free to fork and work on it as well.

* Ruby version: 2.1.0
* Rails verion: 4.1.4

Some Caveats:

1. Apart from the basic nature of the app, it is completely untested (of course I manually tested locally and on Heroku, but no automated tests are in place). You can consider this a spike that I've just gotten through over the past couple of days in my spare time. If I were to continue developing this app, I would write tests for everything I have so far, and then start to add/refactor.
